release notes & changelog practices suggestions (#16)
City-of-Helsinki/bestpractice: version-control.md

* The branching model in use for KuVa projects is Gitflow. Refer to section [Git Workflow](#git-workflow) below for a more detailed explanation.
* Releases are versioned using [semantic versioning](https://semver.org).
  * Note that "API changes" means e.g. breaking URL's that used to work!

> * Document changes in a changelog or in Github release notes. [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) offers a good model for informing users about changes in a release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Document changes in a changelog that is called `CHANGELOG.md` and resides at the root of your repository. [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) offers a good model for informing users about changes in a release.
```
